Blinkplan Privacy Policy Statement

We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, and information volunteered by the consumer (such as survey information and/or site registrations). The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web pages and the quality of our service, and is not shared with or sold to other organizations for commercial purposes, except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:

It is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Terms of Service, or as otherwise required by law.
We transfer information about you if BREA.KFA.ST 61 or Blinkplan is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, BREA.KFA.ST 61 will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
INFORMATION GATHERING AND USAGE

When you register for Blinkplan we ask for information such as your name, email address, billing address, credit card information. Members who sign up for the trial account are not required to enter a credit card.
BREA.KFA.ST 61 uses collected information for the following general purposes: products and services provision, billing, identification and authentication, services improvement, contact, and research.
COOKIES

A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, that is sent to your browser from a web site's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive.
Cookies are required to use the Blinkplan service.
We use cookies to record current session information, but do not use permanent cookies. You are required to log-in to your Blinkplan Site after a certain period of time has elapsed to protect you against others accidentally accessing your account contents.
CLIENT DATA STORAGE

Although BREA.KFA.ST 61 owns the data storage, databases and all rights to the Blinkplan application, you retain all rights to your data. We will never sell or share your client data with any third-parties (unless, of course, the product or our company is sold), or use your data for our own business advantage. We respect the privacy of our subscribers, and the privacy of their client data.

CREDIT CARD TRANSACTIONS

Credit card details will be handled securely to ensure confidentiality. SSL encryption is employed to ensure sensitive data is protected.
Transaction information is transmitted to our payment partner https://www.2checkout.com/ using 128 bit SSL encryption.
DISCLOSURE

BREA.KFA.ST may disclose personally identifiable information under special circumstances, such as to comply with subpoenas or when your actions violate the Terms of Service.

CHANGES

BREA.KFA.ST may periodically update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Blinkplan primary account holder account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.

QUESTIONS

Any questions about this Privacy Policy should be addressed to privacy @ blinkplan . com or by mail at: BREA.KFA.ST 61 LTD, 15 RYEFIELD PATH, ROEHAMPTON, LONDON, SW15 4BZ, UNITED KINGDOM
