Blinkplan Terms of Service

By using the Blinkplan.com web site (“Service”), a service of BREA.KFA.ST 61 (at 15 RYEFIELD PATH, ROEHAMPTON, LONDON, SW15 4BZ, UNITED KINGDOM), you are agreeing to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Service”).

BREA.KFA.ST 61 reserves the right to update and change the Terms of Service from time to time without notice. Any new features that augment or enhance the current Service, including the release of new tools and resources, shall be subject to the Terms of Service. Continued use of the Service after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time at: http://www.blinkplan.com/terms

Account Terms

You must be 13 years or older to use this Service.
You must be a human. Accounts registered by “bots” or other automated methods are not permitted.
You must provide your legal full name, a valid email address, and any other information requested in order to complete the signup process.
You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and password. BREA.KFA.ST 61 cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage from your failure to comply with this security obligation.
You are responsible for all activity that occurs under your account.
One person or legal entity may not maintain more than one trial account.
Each account represents one magazine. You cannot use the same account to manage more than one magazines.
You may not use the Service for any illegal or unauthorized purpose. You must not, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).
Violation of any of these agreements will result in the termination of your Account. You agree to use the Service at your own risk.

Payment, Refunds, Upgrading and Downgrading Terms

A valid credit card is required for paying accounts. Trial accounts are not required to provide a credit card number.
The Service is billed in advance on a monthly basis and is non-refundable. There will be no refunds or credits for partial months of service, or refunds for months unused with an open account. In order to treat everyone equally, no exceptions will be made.
For any upgrade or downgrade in plan level, your credit card that you provided will automatically be charged with immediate effect.
Downgrading your Service may cause the loss of Content, features, or capacity of your Account. BREA.KFA.ST 61 does not accept any liability for such loss.
Credit Card Transactions

2CheckOut.com Inc.(Ohio, USA) is an authorized retailer for goods and services provided by BLINKPLAN
When prompted to enter your credit card details, you will be asked for the 3 digit security code to prevent fraud - also known as the CVV code.
Please note, for credit card transactions, 2CHECKOUT BLINKPLAN will appear on your credit card statements.
BREA.KFA.ST 61 Ltd will not add any additional fees to your purchase if you pay via any of the card type supported.
On completion of the transaction you will receive an email from our service which will contain your invoice within a few minutes of placing the your order.
Please print & retain a hard copy of the transaction receipt that will be sent to you via email.
Once BREA.KFA.ST 61 Ltd has received your purchase request we will process your order immediately. Please be aware that full payment will be taken from your card immediately.
Price Changes

Blinkplan reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, a subscription (or any part thereof) with or without notice. Prices of all subscriptions and products, including but not limited to monthly subscription plan fees, are subject to change upon 30 days notice from us. Such notice may be provided at any time by posting the changes to the Blinkplan website, and/or via a newsletter.
Cancellation and Termination

You are solely responsible for properly cancelling your account. An email or phone request to cancel your account is not considered cancellation. You can cancel your account at any time by clicking on the Account link in the global navigation bar at the top of the screen. The Account screen provides a simple, no questions asked two-click instant cancellation process.
All of your Content will be immediately deleted from the Service upon cancellation.
If you cancel the Service before the end of your current paid up month, your cancellation will take effect immediately but you will not be charged again.
BREA.KFA.ST 61, in its sole discretion, has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service, or any other BREA.KFA.ST 61 service, for any reason at any time. Such termination of the Service will result in the deactivation or deletion of your Account or your access to your Account, and the forfeiture and relinquishment of all Content in your Account. BREA.KFA.ST 61 reserves the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.
Shipping and Delivery

Since Blinkplan is an online service - there is no product to ship to you. As soon as you have signed up, the invoicing service will be made available to you though this site.
Exportation and Importation Restrictions

Since Blinkplan is an online service - there is no product to ship to you, and therefore there are no exportation or importation restrictions. Can you tell that we had to put this in for 'legal' reasons?
Modifications to the Service and Prices

BREA.KFA.ST 61 reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice.
Prices of all Services, including but not limited to monthly subscription plan fees to the Service, are subject to change upon 30 days notice from us. Such notice may be provided at any time by posting the changes to the Blinkplan Site (www.blinkplan.com or www.blinkplan.co.uk or www.blinkplan.co.za) or the Service itself.
BREA.KFA.ST 61 shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
Content Ownership

We claim no intellectual property rights over the material you provide to the Service. Your profile and materials and information uploaded remain yours.
General Conditions

Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The service is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis.
Technical support is only provided to paying account holders and is only available via email (we try to respond within 1-4 hours).
You must not modify, adapt or hack the Service or modify another website so as to falsely imply that it is associated with the Service, BREA.KFA.ST 61, or any other BREA.KFA.ST 61 service.
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service without the express written permission by BREA.KFA.ST 61.
Verbal, physical, written or other abuse (including threats of abuse or retribution) of any BREA.KFA.ST 61 customer, employee, member, or officer will result in immediate account termination.
You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Service, may be transfered unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
You must not upload, post, host, or transmit unsolicited email, SMSs, or “spam” messages.
You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature.
If your bandwidth usage exceeds 150 MB/month, or significantly exceeds the average bandwidth usage (as determined solely by BREA.KFA.ST 61) of other Blinkplan customers, we reserve the right to immediately disable your account until you can reduce your bandwidth consumption.
BREA.KFA.ST 61 does not warrant that (i) the service will meet your specific requirements, (ii) the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, (iii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable, (iv) the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you through the service will meet your expectations, and (v) any errors in the Service will be corrected.
You expressly understand and agree that BREA.KFA.ST 61 shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if BREA.KFA.ST 61 has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to use the service; (ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the service; (iii) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; (iv) statements or conduct of any third party on the service; (v) termination of your account; or (vi) any other matter relating to the service.
The failure of BREA.KFA.ST 61 to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. The Terms of Service constitutes the entire agreement between you and BREA.KFA.ST 61 and govern your use of the Service, superceding any prior agreements between you and BREA.KFA.ST 61 (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service).
Questions about the Terms of Service should be sent to terms @ blinkplan . com
Return Policy and Paid Plans

Cancellations: A "Cancellation" occurs when the Customer or Supplier voids an order for a withdrawal of funds from a Customer's Card account or bank account before a sale is sent for deposit. BLINKPLAN will not collect a deposit from the Customer and the previously authorized funds will be released at the Card issuing bank's discretion. After a sale is sent for deposit, any attempt to reimburse the cost of a Product to a Customer constitutes a Refund and shall be dealt with as set forth below. You may contact us regarding your purchase from BLINKPLAN within 1 day of delivery for a full refund.
Returns: A return occurs when a Customer returns Products previously purchased from 2CO ("Return"). BLINKPLAN will not reduce the amount of a Refund by the assessment of a "restocking fee" or any other charge (including shipping charges) for any Return that occurs in accordance with BLINKPLAN's Return Policy.
Refunds: A refund is the actual reimbursement of the cost of a Product to a Customer("Refund"). BLINKPLAN accomplishes the Refund by reversing the amount previously charged to the Customer's Card or account at the Card issuing bank and the appropriate amount is credited to the appropriate Card or account at the Card issuing bank of Customer.
